Visualizing operators (#621)
qutip/QuantumToolbox.jl: docs/src/users_guide/visualization.md

# [Visualization of quantum states and operators](@id doc:Visualization-of-quantum-states-and-operators)

> Visualization is often an important complement to a simulation of a quantum mechanical system. The first method of visualization that come to mind might be to plot the expectation values of a few selected operators. But on top of that, it can often be instructive to visualize for example the state vectors, density matrices, Hamiltonian, or Liouvillian. In this section, we demonstrate how `QuantumToolbox.jl` and [`Makie.jl`](https://github.com/MakieOrg/Makie.jl) can be used to perform a few types of visualizations that often can provide additional understanding of quantum system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visualization is often an important complement to the simulation of a quantum mechanical system. The first method of visualization that comes to mind might be to plot the expectation values of a few selected operators. But on top of that, it can often be instructive to visualize for example the state vectors, density matrices, Hamiltonian, or Liouvillian. In this section, we demonstrate how `QuantumToolbox.jl` and [`Makie.jl`](https://github.com/MakieOrg/Makie.jl) can be used to perform several types of visualizations that often can provide additional understanding of quantum system.
```

fig
```

Similarly, we can use the function [`matrix_histogram`](@ref) to visualize the above Hamiltonian in a 3D histogram:

!!! warning "Backend"
    `CairoMakie` is not the best backend for handling 3D shading, we suggest to use `GLMakie` for [`matrix_histogram`](@ref).

```julia
using GLMakie # requires OpenGL: a backend better for 3D shading

fig = Figure(size = (500, 350))

matrix_histogram(H; location = fig[1,1])

fig
```

```@raw html
<img src="/results/demo_matrix_histogram.png">

> ```

Reviewer: I think we can just use markdown syntax here

```suggestion
![](/results/demo_matrix_histogram.png)
```
